Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common form of skin cancer and the most frequently occurring form of all cancers. In tbyehe U.S. alone, an estimated 3.6 million cases are diagnosed each year. BCCs arise from abnormal, uncontrolled growth of basal cells. Because BCCs grow slowly, most are curable and cause minimal damage when caught and treated early. Understanding BCC causes, risk factors and warning signs can help you detect them early, when they are easiest to treat and cure.
Dermofibroma is a benign tumor in the dermis caused by the focal proliferation of fibroblasts or histiocytes. The disease can occur at any age. It is more common in young and middle-aged people, and more women than men. It can occur naturally or after trauma. Tawny or light red intradermal papules or nodules are the clinical features of this disease. The lesions grow slowly, exist for a long time, and rarely resolve spontaneously.
Melanoma, usually refers to malignant melanoma, is a highly malignant tumor derived from melanocytes, referred to as malignant melanoma, which occurs mostly in the skin, but also in mucous membranes and internal organs, accounting for about 3% of all tumors. Skin malignant melanoma accounts for the third place (about 6.8%~20%) of skin malignant tumors. It is more common in adults, white-skinned whites have a high incidence, while dark-skinned Asians and Africans have a lower incidence and are rarely seen in children. Some patients have familial multiple findings. Malignant melanoma can evolve from congenital or acquired benign melanocytic nevi, or malignantly evolve from dysplastic nevi, or it can occur newly. In recent years, the incidence and mortality of malignant melanoma have been increasing year by year. Compared with other solid tumors, the age of death is lower. Except for early surgical resection, malignant melanoma lacks specific treatment and has a poor prognosis. Therefore, the early diagnosis and treatment of malignant melanoma is extremely important.
Melanocytic nevi is produced by a group of benign melanocytes that gather at the junction of the epidermis and the dermis. Melanocytes may be distributed in the lower reticular diemis, between collagen bundles, and other accessory organs surrounding the skin such as sweat glands, hair follicles, blood vessels, nerves, etc., and occasionally extend under the skin. Fat.
Actinic keratosis is an occupational disease, which is mainly induced by sunlight, ultraviolet rays, radioactive heat, asphalt or coal and its extracts. The lesions are more common in the sun-exposed parts of middle-aged men and older, such as the face, auricles, and the back of the hands. Mainly manifested as rough surface with visible keratinizing scales. Peel off the scales, you can see that the underlying base surface is ruddy, bumpy, and papillary. Treatment generally takes external medication and surgical treatment. 20% can develop secondary squamous cell carcinoma.
Benign keratosis-like lesions is a group of skin diseases with hyperkeratosis as the main change. It can show local skin keratinous hyperplasia, dry skin, scaly, chapped, generally no subjective discomfort, sometimes itching or pain, often aggravated in winter.
Vascular lesions are congenital benign tumors or vascular malformations commonly found in the skin and soft tissues formed by the proliferation of hemangioblasts during the embryonic period. They are more common at birth or shortly after birth. The remaining embryonic hemangioblasts and active endothelioid germs invade adjacent tissues to form endothelioid cords, which are connected to the remaining blood vessels to form hemangioma after tubeization. The blood vessels in the tumor form a system of its own and are not connected to the surrounding blood vessels.
Cancer treatment methods mainly include surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and targeted and immunotherapy developed in recent years. Traditional Chinese medicine treatment can also achieve certain therapeutic effects for some malignant tumors.
